README.md, before:

# Intro

<img width="718" height="807" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c79be5d9-1df7-40f3-bb78-a164d50e2009" />

This repo produces a daily digest about the Go Programming language. It uses [Matcha](https://github.com/piqoni/matcha) rss generator and Github Pages to host it.  

This is here mainly to be used as a template so you can use it for your own feeds. It also supports password protected pages via [staticrypt](https://github.com/robinmoisson/staticrypt)

# How to make your own 
 
```
git clone --depth 1 git@github.com:piqoni/go-digest my-personal-digest
cd my-personal-digest
rm matcha.db.enc docs/index.html
rm -rf .git
```

Go to https://github.com/new and create your my-personal-digest repository, and follow instructions to push the my-personal-digest directory as a new repository. (git init, commit, push)

Go to the my-personal-digest repository Settings -> Pages -> Branch: main -> /docs 

Go to the my-personal-digest repository Settings -> Secrets and Variables -> Actions
1. Mandatory: New Repository secret called **MATCHA_DB_KEY** which is used to encrypt the matcha database
2. Mandatory: Click Variables -> New Repository Variable -> **MATCHA_CONFIG_YAML** with value of a basic matcha configuration

Basic configuration, see [Matcha's repository](https://github.com/piqoni/matcha) for more options (like google_news_keywords etc)
```
markdown_dir_path: pre-docs
markdown_db_path: matcha.db
feeds:
  - http://hnrss.org/best
  - https://feeds.bbci.co.uk/news/rss.xml
```

3. Optional: if you want page to be **password protected**: Create a new Repository Secret called STATICRYPT_PASSWORD which will be the password that you will use to access your feed.

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and demo URL
Updated the README to clarify the purpose of the repo and added a demo URL.

README.md, after:

# Intro

This repo shows how to use [Matcha](https://github.com/piqoni/matcha) and Github Pages/Actions to create your own news aggregator (either public or password-protected via [staticrypt](https://github.com/robinmoisson/staticrypt)).  

Demo URL (Go programming related feeds): https://piqoni.github.io/go-digest

<img width="718" height="807" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c79be5d9-1df7-40f3-bb78-a164d50e2009" />

# How to make your own in less than 5 minutes
 
```
git clone --depth 1 git@github.com:piqoni/go-digest my-personal-digest
cd my-personal-digest
rm matcha.db.enc docs/index.html
rm -rf .git
```

Go to https://github.com/new and create your my-personal-digest repository, and follow instructions to push the my-personal-digest directory as a new repository. (git init, commit, push)

Go to the my-personal-digest repository Settings -> Pages -> Branch: main -> /docs 

Go to the my-personal-digest repository Settings -> Secrets and Variables -> Actions
1. Mandatory: New Repository secret called **MATCHA_DB_KEY** which is used to encrypt the matcha database
2. Mandatory: Click Variables -> New Repository Variable -> **MATCHA_CONFIG_YAML** with value of a basic matcha configuration

Basic configuration, see [Matcha's repository](https://github.com/piqoni/matcha) for more options (like google_news_keywords etc)
```
markdown_dir_path: pre-docs
markdown_db_path: matcha.db
feeds:
  - http://hnrss.org/best
  - https://feeds.bbci.co.uk/news/rss.xml
```

3. Optional: if you want page to be **password protected**: Create a new Repository Secret called STATICRYPT_PASSWORD which will be the password that you will use to access your feed.
